[MUSIC]
>> Jon Kuperman: Cool, so yeah,
we've got kind of back over here
we've got a ton of JavaScript.
A lot of it,
it is it's like the YouTube players.
If you were able to run
it with all four images,
those images are really huge,
there's like two things we could do there.
The first thing is to
get an image editor and
shrink them down because they just
don't need to be 2,000 pixels wide.
The second thing is using one of those
programs, like I mentioned ImageOptim.
And I'll just show that real
quick because I really like it.
It's just this little drag and drop area.
There is a command line version you
can use with your build process.
And then you can just do something like.
I can go into my Public folder,
and go into my images, and
I can just grab those four,
and slide them in here.
And it just kind of goes to work and
you can see,
hopefully, the savings are like 60
to 70% and it changes them inline.
You don't need to like export or
save them back, or anything like that.
Looks like there was nothing to
be done with the fave icon and
[LAUGH] it might have even choked on this,
this one looks like it's still working.
But anyway, so a program like that,
I mean it's so easy,
it has no bad effect on the user,
you can put it into your build tool and
it can have just tremendous effect and
again this is like all that metadata,
it's all lossless so you're not losing
image quality, so yeah never discount
the power of a tool like ImageOptim or
any lossless image compression.
Cool and then like the other way that you
could kind of have taken a look at this
which we hadn't really gotten to yet
is in this summary panel.
I'm gonna go ahead and pop these out so
I get a little bit more view.
So we're looking in the timeline.
We're looking at the summary panel.
You can switch it over to something like
bottom up, which is really handy cuz then
you get, this what I, I kind of mentioned
this before like, there's self time and
total time whenever you're
profiling any program, so
self time is like how long
the function foo took to execute and
total time is like if foo calls bar and
bar takes three seconds.
Foo is total time is not only
how long it took to execute but
how long everything it
called took to execute.
So basically what you'll see if you search
by total time you'll see the order in
which everything happened right.
Like what called what called what.
If you search by self time
which is the default,
you'll see what the most expensive
time wise functions are so
the first thing that we see is like the
most expensive thing was just compiling
and evaluating scripts unavoidable
unless you have less scripts.
But then the second thing that we'll
see kind of right away is like this
anonymous function and this is
based.js it's the YouTube video game.
So we kind of look for here is like
searching by the most expensive.
We can kind of see like when is that
we get to any of our own staff?
If we get to any of our own staff, so if
you had seen like one of your application
files in this bottom up view,
it would be really worth looking into.
If you're seeing other
people's files like these,
you can see they're all coming
from www.YouTubeimage.com.
There's not much you can do except for
you can make things asynchronous like a
good example, we talked about AMP earlier.
And I think what they do is they
make a YouTube call just to get
the image using the You Tube API and
they put the image there as a placeholder.
After the page loads,
they replace it with an embedded video.
Just in the hopes that it's way better to
hit the page and it takes a second before
the video's clickable, than it is to be
stuck there hanging waiting for the page
to be interactive because you're loading
all these videos or something like that.
So I think it's just something
to be careful about.
Obviously embeds provide
a really rich experience,
but can you make them asynchronous,
can you have less of them,
can you control them in some way like
loading a picture and then loading in?
>> Speaker 2: Couple questions.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Olga is asking if
the timeline is able to use source maps?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah so yeah generally
source maps do work well with dev tools.
So yeah they it should pick up
mapping all those functions over.
>> Speaker 2: Amberley is,
she's seeing JavaScript from her
extensions is it better to run.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
[CROSSTALK] That's a great question.
And that comes up a lot.
It's another opinion one so
yeah you will see like depending on
what Chrome extensions that you have
sometimes you'll see that the slowest
function is not the app at all but
it's just something that your
Chrome browser runs all the time.
I think it's cool to do the profiling
with your Chrome extensions on both for
your own personal knowledge of like if
you have some really slow extensions.
But also most people rock a few
extensions so it's good to get a feel.
However, yeah if it is not auditable for
your app.
So what I would kind of recommend doing
there is like do some profiling and
then open in Incognito tab which by
default doesn't enable any extensions and
run a profile in the Incognito tab to see
you know purely what your app is causing.
It's easier than like than
turning them off all the time and
turning it back on whenever.
The other thing you can do is like
have no extensions for Chrome canary.
But yeah it's kind of good but
it is misleading for sure.
>> Speaker 2: And
then Richard is asking why audit
didn't have a recommendation
to compress the images?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah that's a good call.
It does offer that sometimes I'm really
not sure what its logic is behind
when it suggests it and
when it doesn't but
the rule for me would just be
losslessly compress everything because
otherwise I mean it's invisible meta data
that you're making every user download.
It's a good call.
Okay.
Awesome okay cool.
So that's like an intro
to the timeline panel,
it's a really overwhelming looking panel.
But kind of ultimately my hope is
that you'll get to the point where
you don't have to read every single thing,
you just start looking for these patterns.
Are you seeing a ton of green?
Like this stands out to me, I'm like
why am I doing all that repainting,
all that page jank and I look and
I see it's the YouTube videos.
Or like this is a ton of JavaScript, is
it something that I can fix in some way?
I just thought of an optimization here
which is like you'll notice it's like
the same thing happening over and
over again.
That's because each iFrame right is like
reaching out and grabbing the same, so
I'm getting five videos means I have
five copies of YouTube's base.js
right like that's a lot of
copies of YouTube base.js.
So if you're using their API instead
of just an easy embed you could grab
one copy of YouTube's base.js and
then user API to publish those but
you start getting like
a view of what's going on.
Where you can win or where you can I
can't really prescribe like an easy win,
like don't use embeds.
Obviously, embeds are great and
they provide really rich experiences.
But it's just good to know at least
like where all that time is going or
why things are janking around, and to be
able to like kind of look through and
click in like this.
Yeah.
And then the summary and the bottom up
are really helpful for that stuff too.
Think ImageOptim finally finished.
All right.
>> Speaker 2: It looks like ImageOptim
is Mac only, is there a good?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
Actually, I don't have them all
right now there's a really good
totally tooling tips.
I don't know if you've ever seen that,
it's a YouTube video series, where I think
like Matt Gott and Andy Asmati talk
about all the best image optimizers.
There's a lot of really good ones out
there I'm just struggling to think of
the names right now.
But I would personally recommend finding
ones that work with your build process,
as opposed to a GUI, so
it's always automated.
So if you go to Gulp, or Grunt,
or Webpack, whatever you use and
look at their plugins to find.
I'm sure there's a lossless
image compressor.
Same with all the content management
systems like WordPress has things
called like ewww, e-w-w-w or
something like that and
it automatically losslessly
compresses every image you upload.
So I would just pick whatever tool
you're already using find one that
works for that tool.